# Teamato

## Meeting Minutes
## February 25, 2021
<br>

**Opening**:  
The mentor meeting of Teamato was called to order at 2:00 PM PST on February 25, 2021 virtually via Zoom by Chad.

**Meeting Type**:  
Mentor

**Members present**:  
Muhammad Z Khan  
Xavier  
James Zhao  
Ivan Robles  
Yash Shah   
Chad Hayen  
Luke

**Absent**:  
Haaris Waleh

## Agenda
Going over mentor agenda - Sprint Beta

## New Business
**Pull Requests**:  
We currently do not have an designated people for reviewing pull requests. Whenever a PR is made which needs to  be approved before merging, one can update others on Slack and if anyone is free, they can go, review, and approve it.

**Meeting Attendance**:  
Mostly everyone attends all meetings. If there is a prior arrangement due to which someone cannot attend, they let the others know before hand and are allowed to miss the meeting given they go through all of the meeting notes.

**Testing/Documentation**:  
We have JSDoc annotations up and running from last sprint. Testing will de the incorporation of Jest and Cypress. Variables in JS are named using the Hungarian Snake case. Cypress will be used as a smoke test - that nothing blows up the entire app

**Roadmap and Backlog**:  
Work on Tasklist which will probably take up the entire sprint, given we will ship it only after thorough testing. Analytics may not be incorporated for the quarter.

## Stand-up Notes

### Muhammad Z Khan 
**What you had been doing:** Work on onShow() and onClose() buttons with writing Jest and Cypress tests  
**What you will do next:** Finish tests by end of Sunday  
**Obstacles:** Jest and Cypress conflicts  

###  James Zhao
**What you had been doing:** Work on the JS Tasklist web-component  
**What you will do next:** Update tasklist pull request and work on additional button disabling, plus write unite tests  
**Obstacles:** None

### Ivan Robles
**What you had been doing:** Finalized color theme  
**What you will do next:** Work on making app responsive - media queries  
**Obstacles:** None

### Yash Shah
**What you had been doing:** Finalized color theme  
**What you will do next:**  Incorporate theme changing via toggling : add background image as second theme  
**Obstacles:** Too much time because of choice conflicts within team  

### Haaris Waleh
**What you had been doing:** Work on session start functionality in JS  
**What you will do next:**  Switch to task display functionality because of unseen obstacle and priority issue  
**Obstacles:** None

### Xavier
**What you had been doing:** Work on Tasklist web component  
**What you will do next:** Test all functions written by them  
**Obstacles:** None

### Luke
**What you had been doing:** Add Cypress integration, Remove `docs` from `main`  
**What you will do next:** Modifying linting for the pipeline  
**Obstacles:** None

## TODOs
| Tasks to be done | Deadline |
| ---------------- | -------- |
| - | - |

<br>

**Adjournment**:  
Meeting was adjourned at 3:11 PM PST by Muhammad Z Khan.

Minutes submitted by: Yash Shah